To show that map model.
Well we already made our first step.
We can now call then and get our modal element here which we can of course present.
So modal l present like this and this will open our map modal component in a new modal.
With that let's go to the map modal component.
Let's make sure we get something onto the screen there in the map modal component.
I will add I and header I didn't add that to the location picker because that will be a component I
use inside of Abra components the map modal component on the other hand should render it like a single
page even though it's enclosed in a modal I want to have a toolbar in there and I'll add a title and
there I will say pick location and I'll add some buttons here with iron buttons like this and you see
I'm getting a bunch of errors here.
The reason is that in the shared module where I declared the map more modal I'm not importing the ionic
module which actually unlocks all these ionic components.
So make sure to add the ionic module import from at ionic angular 2D shared mode module.
And with that added you'll see that all these errors will magically go away since that unlocks all these
ionic components.
So now back to the buttons in the toolbar I'll add I add buttons with a slot of primary to add them
on the right side typically and then I'll add a button here which will actually say cancel so that when
we open that modal to pick a location we can tap on the map to pick a location or we click the cancel
button to get out of there.
And of course for that I'll add a click listener here and call on cancel.
Now after that I'll add my iron content here and inside of the iron content I'll add a simple death
which I will actually use to render my map.
And for that I'll give that a class of map and also a local reference of map by which I can later selected
in my typescript code to interact with that div and render the map there.
So let me go back to the map modal component then and first of all I'll add the on cancel handler here
which is triggered when we click the cancel button in our toolbar and there I want to close the model
now too close that I need to inject the modal controller here as well.
So let's do just that.
Let's add the modal controller imported from ionic angular to the map modal component and an on cancel
we can then use this to call this Miss and this mist is modal here.
With that we got everything to open a modal and dismiss it but we're not displaying a map.
Let's preview does nonetheless.
And to review this we just need to make sure we include the location picker component here with the
application picker selector in our form.
So in the new offer page here and for that.
And then you offer a module I will import that shared module.
That's the idea of having that shared module.
So now I can use the picker and also the modal if I want you in this component and make sure you have
the right path here which should be a relative path now and then you offer page here I'll add a new
row and then you call him of course and the dead column will receive the same size classes as my other
columns to be in line with them.
So let me add that there and then inside of this I in column we can add the app location picker just
like that with that we should be able to see that button.
Let's go back to our application here and let's create a new offer and here's our then if I tap it indeed
that mode opens but of course there is no map in there so time to finally render dead.